RHCLOUD-48646: Add compose options for Inventory w/ SpiceDB (#1386)
project-kessel/inventory-api: docs/dev-guides/docker-compose-options.md

curl -H "Authorization: bearer ${TOKEN}" http://localhost:8081/api/kessel/v1/livez
```

### With Embedded SpiceDB

Deploys Inventory API with its own SpiceDB instance (and backing Postgres), Kafka, and the Inventory Consumer for testing the full embedded SpiceDB authz pipeline. Resources reported via `ReportResource` flow through the consumer to SpiceDB as tuples automatically. Also supports manual tuple management via `CreateTuples` and permission checks (Check, LookupObjects, LookupSubjects). Uses the compose overlay at `development/docker-compose.spicedb.yaml`.

```shell
make inventory-up-spicedb
```

> The startup script downloads the SpiceDB schema from the [stage rbac-config repo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedHatInsights/rbac-config/refs/heads/master/configs/stage/schemas/schema.zed) automatically. To use a local schema file instead, set `SCHEMA_ZED_FILE`:

Reviewer: rbac-config repo was recently moved under `project-kessel`, i believe the repo under RedHatInsights is to be archived soon 

```suggestion
The startup script downloads the SpiceDB schema from the [stage rbac-config repo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/project-kessel/rbac-config/refs/heads/master/configs/stage/schemas/schema.zed) automatically. To use a local schema file instead, set `SCHEMA_ZED_FILE`:
```

> The startup script downloads the SpiceDB schema from the [stage rbac-config repo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/project-kessel/rbac-config/refs/heads/master/configs/stage/schemas/schema.zed) automatically. To use a local schema file instead, set `SCHEMA_ZED_FILE`:

Author: This is inaccurate, SCHEMA_URL was updated in the script
